thank you yes alrighty hello Internet
hello and welcome to the documentation
and developer user experience task force
meeting on Monday the 12th of August
I'm Jessica and I am your unofficial
host with a team of many many wonderful
people you can follow along in the
agenda document that is available on the
github repo at github.com slash ipfs
best Doc's yeah all right there's
there's some notes it looks like
everybody's filled in their stuff so I
can get rid of the thing at the top this
is attendees at agenda items um there's
I just want to say like just sort of
like one of us has got to be like mean
about this so I guess I'll be the one to
be mean at it we had kind of some
bandwidth issues last week um one of
them was a major one that was mine
because I've been battling exterminators
all week that's getting slightly better
we had some illnesses eggs at a
conference Wednesday through Friday we
just have to be really careful because
we're a small team and we can all very
easily become single points of failure
just as like you know if we know we're
gonna be somewhere or we're not feeling
well and we have the ability before we
check out you obviously it's not not
okay to be sick but let's let's just try
really hard to make sure that we're not
blocking each other on things because I
think we had a little bit of that this
last week and sort of a pain in the ass
for some of us so and certainly on my
part I apologize for that because
somebody was just kind of coming in at
random and spraying my home bugs and I
will try to be a little bit more
organized this um Oh Eric you're
bringing your kid to school on oh I
thought you to work I thought you had an
intern your kid okay sorry
bummer okay so misters day's meeting
I'm gonna miss Thursday oh all right
wait like school at University and I
have to drive there you know and deliver
for the kid it's poorly worded what
point I shall rephrase it
the University you can't have a kid in
college she's a twin and the following
week I'm bringing another one oh my god
awesome awesome awesome well
congratulations to you it on your
milestone that that's so cool that's so
cool
that is about it
somebody is unmuted and is like making
noises so if that's you don't do that
maybe that's you Molly I don't know
oh you're meeting us maybe that was you
alright sweet alright um let's just dive
into staff are we good to go I just want
to call out that I have one thing that
really needs to be a group so let's make
sure we get that one let's do that first
go for it Terry sure so a website so
website PR so that I updated the website
PR to have different wording based on
the feedback that we got here there's
just a little bit of formatting that I
would do if we were gonna merge this but
I just wanted to chat about Chris's
response which was that we should
basically the way I read it was that we
should not merge this at all because the
quiz might then go and sort of remove
the work that I've done and move the
links to other places which if the quiz
was going in tomorrow and you were
dealing with the footer then absolutely
fine and I absolutely appreciate the
heads-up on anything where it's like
I'll tell you shouldn't spend your
wheels on this thing because it will get
destroyed but if the quiz is three weeks
out that's three weeks of data
collection we could be doing and leaking
we could be doing in the meantime so I
just want to make sure we're all in
agreement about whether this should go
through so we have the chance to collect
that data and use it or whether we
should actually be scrapping this
completely Chris what's your thought on
release date I know you want copy and I
know I can't help with the copy today
unfortunately because I'm interviewing
people like the
all day yes I think there's a it's two
layers this but the first one really is
I don't create too much confusion with
multiple calls to action on the home
page once we we sort define these
funnels I think that's the main thing
I'm trying to call out here so I think
what we have so far is the working
prototype the intention is to get that
up as soon as possible really we're just
waiting for content now for the segment
so we want to put in place and and a few
little refinement so I could switch to
my screen and show you that I'll pre
lead onto it I'm sure other thing to
call out there is that there's two
changes that are incorporating the same
PR one is the footer and one is those
multiple call-outs so it might be that
we should be pushing the footer and
holding the rest of it depending what
exactly so maybe I so this I guess is
kind of on the radar but it was further
out in my my periphery at the moment so
I hadn't really considered it in the
scheme of where we're going with the the
quiz side of things so I think what I
need to do is a stage two is now look at
what we've currently got with the the
quiz update so I'll show you like we've
got this this new section here
essentially which will basically have
the content sections in and what I want
to be careful with is that we don't end
up creating too many more calls to
action across the across my own page as
well so if we have these extra extra
pieces whether if it makes sense for
them to live down there if they then I
absolutely still think we should put
them there and it I just need to
consider that at first to see whether
really is a better way to do this then
what else we can just clear question um
I was just wondering if that take a
closer look check section is at the
bottom is that actually at the bottom of
the page just above the footer this is
that where that's gonna be where the
hotel from this image but I don't want
to make any decisions on the flag
without really considering this true so
I think it's best if I just take this
off after and
look at it - the two things parallel now
and see where what we're trying to link
to because it might be that actually
what you're trying to say here doesn't
really have a home within the quiz
anyway and it might be best to have some
call to action and what I propose for
the home page things anyway it's going
to be the primary action and in the
first section so that will basically be
your fuel you'll go straight into this
regardless of where you scroll to and
then once you get into the explainer
which is essentially the new learn more
section then we can have the opportunity
to link out other stuff and another
piece down a line is actually removing
this implementation section and
consolidating that with a new install
area as well so that will also clean up
some of some of this noise and all these
different actions so it's best that I
keep a handle I suppose on what's going
on with with all these new changes so we
can actually be consistent with what
we're trying to achieve with it and I
see anything I can do so and they like
quiz wise like if we're saying we're
gonna put this in and this is my current
to-do list for what can be done this and
this week and I think this is completely
achievable I just need to make sure that
their dependents that I'll have some
masks across the team to make sure we
can actually fill these pieces in and so
on my roadmap we can hit that target
this week but it's just obsolete me to
come around and review this and make
sure it's all right so I think it's best
to give it a little bit more time
because some people have to have some
input that I need to maybe consider and
so Terry don't sorry I didn't really
fully answer your question there but let
me consider that today and then come
back to you with a better action and
answer so that we can decide what's best
and if it is part of like even if it's
merging some pieces for now and then
pulling that in that's that's might be
the best better option okay yeah I just
want to be conscientious of the be
conscious of you know Molly's ask for us
to think about hotfixes
as we're thinking about what's the real
perfect endgame like do the hot fixes
the white paper we've decided is out
date not the most important resource we
don't have anything clear from this page
to proto school at all
so just if it's if we're talking about a
longer-term chain
to make the ultimate decision like and
I'm not hurting you then I vote we do it
because then we can also track the
clicks and see who's going to the the
white paper versus pro to school versus
fox or whatever so but you know if this
is a weak fine if it's longer than that
I feel like we should just go ahead but
I'm happy to separate out like separate
output footer from whatever Terri can i
clarify um so these three links this set
of three links is designed to replace
the read the white paper button that
lives on the web on the home page right
now right yes it's above the
implementation I may I suggest that that
we get that we get participant into the
footer ASAP no matter what even if we
have to split it into a separate PR just
just because I mean that's not gonna
have an effect on anything other than
letting people know where protocol is
Chris I'm sort of leaning I don't know
how you feeling and like you said you
know I don't want to rush to a decision
I'm starting to lean you're looking
through your scroll through your
prototype that there's a fair amount of
visual space between the quiz items and
those three buttons that that I don't
feel that that worries me that much but
I mean obviously that's just completely
a matter of opinion
so that was my two cents I know Eric and
Molly you both have your hands raised
yeah again once we'll put all the pieces
together then you can really understand
how this feels and I think obviously
simplicity is the primary action is to
create if we can make it easier for
people to make decisions then less is
more so that's my my my default
operation here so I think all these
things are okay to be on there it's just
they have to have a bit more of better
narrative because just throwing things
on now and the purpose of doing so well
weren't adding any value to what we're
trying to achieve and and also we've
turned to terms of metrics I am also
setting up a new profile so we're
looking to track things through and that
will also change very soon once we've
merged these things things in so that's
something to be aware of if we like
start tracking on one profile and we'll
have to after
make sure that everyone's aware of that
date when that switch is over so that we
can have those things up can we at least
can we at least get protocol in the
photos sooner rather than later no
because that's not like they need a
larger discussion and I don't Terry do
you want to actually split that in in
the 2p yards maybe just for the sake of
getting the protocol stuff off of there
the the photo stuff off of them I can or
I can wait till tomorrow so Chris has a
chance to to look at the other stuff in
case it becomes unnecessary but let's
hear what Molly has to say before we
make the follow on that I'm very happy
to take ownership of that and finish the
pr off and stuff if you want because if
that's easier if everyone um but yeah I
want your input so I can we can make the
right decisions and they have a question
Molly Oh
today Eric had a handle for me okay Eric
hello I never been out of touch with
what with everything but with this
protocol add to the home page I just
want it it sounds like you're aware that
like Chris like you were just saying the
potential implications like if we're
doing this in nearly in tandem with the
other changes to the home page
we should definitely be aware of the
implications for you know what that does
to our test because that accordions were
as I understand that's a test a couple
weeks or something and then it it goes
away and if if there's any overlap in
may feels to me like there is overlap in
content like the pro school
we can't hear you anymore Eric you're
frozen based on other people's faces I'd
assume I'm not the only one with this
problem yep all right he's locked up and
actually I think Eric may have
misunderstood the testing so I feel like
this may live on for a bit longer that's
why I'm trying to make sure we get the
right Oh
Jessica's also frozen no no she's back
okay um but yeah sway so you know I'm
still here
yeah everybody turn your boat so all
right maybe when Eric comes back he can
he can continue making his point or we
can we can discuss that topic a little
more my meta point is I want to be able
to see metrics from this change which
means that I would like there to be
baseline metrics before before we start
making any changes even if that is cool
we're gonna instrument this button for
like two days and then we're gonna see
how much how many clicks this Dutton's
get the day after like some basic basic
stuff like that where we're able to not
just quantify what happens to the
version of the site but how how our
changes affect it in my ideal world if
we were making like really strongly
based changes to this website from a a
solid foundation we'd be running things
like AP tests where we would take
segments of the population and we would
push them through the different versions
of things and be actually like running
production of production I suppose
experiments but given how out-of-date
our website is I don't think that's
necessary I think that'll add a lot of
extra overhead and work and I don't want
to block all of this work on that and
but I want us to get to a place where
that's really easy for us where we have
those baselines and and the thing Chris
that you mentioned that I was most
worried about was hey we're gonna start
be start collecting metrics on different
profiles where those metrics might
become harder to interpret that concerns
me let's definitely not get to a state
where we're like switching metric
collection to like multiple different
Google Analytics profiles such that
we're gonna have a really hard time
understanding what people do in the
system I think having a week of three
buttons across and then switching to
accordions that doesn't worry me quite
as much um because I don't think that
the people who are coming to our website
are coming back on a weekly basis so I
think it being different is not gonna
freak people out I'm most worried about
being able to collect useful analytics
from it and I I like both sets of
changes and so I would love to see a way
for them to coat this together and I I
generally wouldn't block unless it's
gonna muddy our metrics yep and just
clarifying that the whole reason and the
premise why I decide to set up a new
profile it's because the current metrics
are skewed and we can't actually measure
against that with reliability so I
definitely have all of that in mind and
I think it's the intention of all of
these changes are first to get some big
good baselines that we can then set up
benchmarks from and then the next pieces
will be to make sure that we've got some
levels and some good decisions that we
can actually operate against very
quickly and implement things in a bit
more of an AV fashion but looking at the
general metrics I don't think we have
enough high volume at this point to kind
of create big conclusions from that
information so it may have to these
tests may have to run over a period of
time or we have to run some ads to kind
of push people in and do this sort of
thing so there's some more intelligent
stuff I think we can do maybe once we've
got that the furniture in the right
place and then we have to put our
hypothesis down and say like what we're
trying to learn from it so yeah
definitely definitely keen to do more of
these experiments and that's that's the
main main driver for all of this and
just to clarify um you know it's not the
accordions versus the three buttons
we're not testing them against each
other
that's just sort of new furniture on the
page um you know what we're gonna do
with the accordions in the long term is
sort of is what we're gonna be iterating
on so it's not one or the other so so
but in value of a really good point
about getting good baseline metrics set
up I don't feel that we need to have you
know like a couple of weeks of baseline
metrics neither the three buttons nor
the accordions in order to get good data
that was all but it's just yeah it's
part of a much larger picture I'm
cognizant we've only got ten more
minutes
I know Eric you had your hand up do you
want to chip in and then maybe we can
move on all right it sounds like you
went down the path that I was gonna cut
on like yeah is that we should really be
aware of these two I you know launching
them you know and smart a because I
think the accordions really do you know
they they will drive people to the proto
school material they you know in it and
if they aren't we should take a look
another look at the content that we're
putting into there but at the end of the
day you know I mean ipfs dot IO that the
landing page is pretty dang tall and it
needs to be it needs to be addressed
down the line you know not necessarily
in this quarter but maybe the next I
think as we see you know it's it's hard
to not change it but it's also hard to
not make it the wing
dimension of Lading
each of you know at adding just adding
and adding so I'm not clear on the
outcome of this discussion are we saying
that let's say tomorrow we're gonna
merge at least the funner stuff and
Chris is gonna let me know later today
whether he has a plan that will happen
this week that will include links to
protocol or whether we should merge this
thing in the meantime any non-conflict
pieces I will put in straight away today
and any pieces of contention that we
want to discuss further I'll bring it
with you separately ok thanks and the
only thing that I would do before
merging it is there some like spacing
issues that's so that's the only thing
that I would do if we decide we're doing
this then we just needs to do a tiny bit
of CSS on it so fix that cool oh sorry
let's let's carry on content audit um
Porsche
okay unmuted I was out sick last week we
did not have the meeting but we will
have a Content audit meeting this week
and just quickly letting everyone know
that August 21st is my last day here and
so it would be really nice for us to
like try to wrap this up before I leave
[Music]
you know obviously we're awfully awfully
sad to see you go
we hope that whatever it is that you're
moving onto is completely amazing and
you know that you stay in touch with all
of us and yeah I'll I'll wrap up the
content audit work with you know like
what you as you said your scheduling a
meeting to go over your results at least
until we get the stocks person in I'll
keep rolling along with doing some
assessment and analysis and next steps
on the content on it as a whole so so
again you know huge thanks and the
meeting is scheduled right after our
internal meeting on Thursday so the in
fight has already been sent out we does
it then it's a conflict with her
disclose our community pose for pretty
cool okay um we can take this offline
and I can find alternative date yeah
also with Eric and his and his daughters
move you maybe it's um if it's something
we can do Wednesday or Friday I think
it's probably best for everybody eat
you're trying to try to get us in but
yeah thank you so much yeah running in
super quickly Doc's platform features
inventory we're still accumulating
features on a rolling basis you know I
added stuff to to the documents last
week but you know frankly full attention
work is paused for the moment because
we're all doing other other more more
time-sensitive things including this
bike that Chris is doing in the docs
platform framework implementation of the
front page quiz hiring so on so forth
Chris you want to talk
the darkest auras thing yeah I've just
sketched that end now because I say
we've still got some things to wrap up
on the quiz so I feel like it's a good
use of time well while that is going
through the last final stages that I can
then start to work on some of the
migration of the documentation into some
of the platforms so dr. sores are
probably the first primary target so
I'll see how I first I'll select a a
subset of information that we're going
to use this is bike and then I'll start
to see what we can pull together for
that and that's the most exciting piece
but LM obviously by Thursday we'll have
more sketched out and hopefully in
process so by Friday I'd like to have at
least a working version with some
information and a research sort of
prizing that great
long as we're so short on time
interviews are ongoing for the
documentation specialist I've got three
today two later on in the week we did
put a featured posting on the right the
docs table job board which had strong
strong impact good response we're
working on that we will be getting some
help from Danielle and her team so if
you're a part of the hiring panel then
you'll get an invite to a meeting if not
hit me up if you want to get more
involved because more hands always make
lighter work we'd still appreciate any
sharing of the job post with your social
networks the link is there that shows up
that's a referral link via that we can
track so that unique URL if you have any
social networks that you would like to
continue or newly spread that out to you
that would be amazing
moving on there's a rough draft and the
link for those goal based personae the
next steps on that is going to be
socializing internally and then
discussing with the community I need to
give some thought as to how we're
actually gonna gonna socialize this with
the wider community it may just be a
matter as a starting point of soliciting
some discussion on discussed ipfs not IO
to just get some open feedback on that
and then perhaps try to get a couple of
em depending I'm over here and the
strength of the response maybe get some
user interviews as well with folks who
may align with those core goals
it's a rough draft a lot of this is
based on the stuff that I got both out
of hire art that was done about a year
ago there was a research project done by
a contractor here who was um tasked with
trying to basically get sorry
wasps over our chain um just overarching
themes within the documentation as it
stood both the documentation the forums
and so forth so a lot of it pulls from
that and then just a lot of the things
that I've been seeing on the forums and
so forth definitely would appreciate
some feedback on that we probably ought
to have a standalone meeting to discuss
that
more collaboratively so I'll work on
getting that on the books but at least
the restaurant of that is done and then
it sounds like the you know and we did
wrap up a few more hot fixes over the
course of the week we are starting to
run out of the easier ones to address
which is a good thing but that does mean
that the the ones that are remaining are
starting to be more involved and you
know we are lacking bandwidth in favor
of further progress on some of our ok
our to-do list items so you know
obviously if there is the opportunity
for anybody to take on any of these
anything labeled ok our hotfix in our
repo that's fantastic I mean it
shouldn't detract from our primary items
for which we reach each responsible but
do keep in mind that those items are out
there should you come up with any
magical free time regarding the front
page quiz is there anything else though
that we need to talk through on that you
Chris you have some some notes here
conscious of time but quickly it's just
really cool furred asking you guys to
help out and sort of give me the first
pieces of content that you want to have
any section there is one open thing
around how are we going to do the
feedback form I obviously it's a server
a static web site and we don't have any
back-end for the actually posting and
receiving emails so I don't have to use
a third party like a whoo form style
thing to send and post that information
if we're going to do it that way or we
just push it out to an email and have a
request people to email us that way so
or it could be an issue queue so I think
we either I bring this up with whoever's
interested one on one or I'll just come
up with rosal and and Kimmy thumbs up
and Molly quickly mentioned that clicks
and such yep so that's that I'll be part
of just finalizing this this week is
getting the analytics profiles connected
up and then with all the individual
links as well so trying to make sure
that we can define a story from homepage
to individual curiosity on the
accordions and then from action to
action point so then we can build up
that
you
and that's also that's also an issue 207
so we can accumulate our our desired
metrics into a Semin Chris I think I
just muted you for about a second and a
half I'm sorry that's not the didn't had
that power what it's tell me to shut up
it's fine okay I either I'm really sorry
it's okay we're on the mark time out so
that's less lame Nana's plane does
anyone else have anything that they want
to add r1 protocol San Diego and I have
been doing a lot of pairing and working
through more of events metrics in
countly so the stuff that's already
active is stuff like page views and the
supper working on now is like how many
times did you have to reset the code or
did you submit failed code compared to
how many times you actually passed the
lesson next up is like did you blogging
that ups tutorial was past so stuff like
that it's what we're working through at
the moment so that's gonna give us a lot
of better tracking capabilities for
doing all this stuff under the hood but
then we also need to learn our way
around the dashboard more to see how
detailed we can get in reports it does
itself versus what's gonna end up being
manually
you're on mute Jessica I think yeah
great and I've muted myself to epic is
there any anything else that we're gonna
keep within the boundaries of this
meeting before we stop recording and
call it our in our next Monday meeting
alright well thank you so much everybody
for just waving sorry I know it was it
was funny timing we want to have a chat
to about hashing through what you know
the overlap potential overlap and making
sure we get the most bang for our buck
out of the accordions and or the you
know the proto school section yeah I
feel a need to do that and github if you
yeah if anyone's around then we could
it's a half-hour call we can just grab
that after yes for later today and who
join in cool I've got a call right up to
this and I'm interviewing folks all day
but if but please please ping me with
questions you know about that or about
content or thoughts if there's any way
that I can weigh myself in we're very
happy to just take that and take that
responsibility if you it's easier for
you and anytime I mean I'd love to help
I just feel like I'm kind of useless
today cuz I'm like in all these meetings
so it's all good and I need to be you
know I think I'd be I need to have a
sink like with with Chris at least
anyway y'all start having a great
discussion ping me and I'll try to join
you so thank you very much everybody
Terry thanks for uploading the recording
and we look forward to speaking with
everybody next week cheers all